## TSC Meeting - 15th Jun 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/57

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive
 - Bill Cameron, @billc123-jam, Citi
 - Veronica Quinones, @vquinon, BMO
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 
FINOS Team
 - Gabriele Columbro
 - Jane Gavronsky
 - Juan Estrella
 - Maurizio Pillitu

## Minutes

### Our role in SIG approval

 - the TSC has been tagged in a recent discussion on a proposed [emerging technology SIG](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/226)
 - we held an open discussion around whether we felt it appropriate to be part of the decision making process for SIG approval
 - it was generally felt that this is not predominantly a technical decision
 - the current process, where candidate SIGs are presented to the GB, isn't one we want to actively insert ourselves into
 - we will remain available to the GB if they wish to have technical input
 - 
### project archiving

 - This work has moved from Rob to Mao
 - Still under active development, nothing concrete to report yet

### Lifecycle transition

 - We've been asked to consider a formal role in project activation (i.e. moving a project from incubating to activated)
 - Mao indicated they would like someone to validate the transitions
 - They have a checklist and process, anyone can propose an activation
 - The submitter needs to go through the checklist and provide evidence at this point someone needs to validate
 - The TSC debated whether we should be involved
 - The general consensus was that most of the checks are hygiene factors, and don't require deep technical or domain expertise. As a result the TSC don't expect to be involved in the entire validation process.
 - There was an open question about whether there are any specific parts where our input is needed
 - **ACTION** Mao agree to review the checklist to see if there was a more specific ask
 - It was noted that if the TSC, on approving a project, made concrete recommendations, this is something that should be re-evaluated at the point of activition, i.e. were our recommendations followed?

### Lifecycle transition

  - Mao shared that FINOS is holding a hackathon and appealed for ideas
  - The group proceeded to discuss a few ideas, e.g. an FDC3 integrated chart, client intelligence workflows
  - **ACTION** Mao to open a discussion on GitHub for further conversation

### TSC Charter

 - a draft has been shared with the group
 - Gab reported that this draft has been shared at the membership and governance meeting
 - we are targeting approval by GB in April, after this they can work through changes to other materials (e.g. FINOS charter)
 - Need a solid proposal to achieve this
 - feedback from membership and governance meeting
   - 14 seems a lot of member, CNCF just has 11, as does Hyperledger
   - there were come concerns about ejecting members
 - **ACTION** Colin & Gab to consider this feedback