## TSC Meeting - 12th Sept 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-oversight-committee/issues/80

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Bruno Domingues, @brunodom, Intel
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Orkes
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat

Apologies received:
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC

FINOS Team
 - Maurizio Pillitu
 - Gabriele Columbro
 - Juan Estrella

## Minutes

### Merging PR on TOC composition

 - This PR has been merged prior to the meeting - https://github.com/finos/technical-oversight-committee/pull/83 
 - It was agreed that we don't need to approve PRs by committee within the TOC meetingfs

### TraderX contribution

 - https://github.com/finos/community/issues/277
 - Bruno has volunteered to assess this contribution with respect to your principles, this is still underway and he'll share results with the group shortly
 - There was some discussion around the TraderX trademark / brand - Gab indicated that FINOS were aware and have this covered
 - We also discussed that the current contribution process is sequential, FINOS checks, followed by TOC approval. We agreed that this slows the process, and puts more pressure on TOC for rapid turnaround. We agreed in future that these would be undertaken in parallel.
 - It was also noted that we were previously asked for an expedited approval of the [Jupyter Labs Templates](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/215) project. This is still undergoind the approval process and it was agreed that we should undertake a more formal approval.
   - **ACTION:** Mao to request a formal approval via the toc mailing list

### TOC nominations

 - the process for filling the two vacant seats will begin shortly, and community members have been notified