## TSC Meeting - 25th Oct 2023

https://github.com/finos/technical-oversight-committee/issues/100

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Riko Eksteen, @rikoe, Adaptive (stand-in chair)
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Orkes
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard

Apologies received:
- Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)

FINOS Team
 - Maurizio Pillitu
 - Juan Estrella

## Minutes

### Voting process and candidates

- Regarding FINOS Board vs. TOC vote, the suggestion was made to FINOS to still include board member-elects in TOC voting list,
  and just use the second preference candidate in case the TOC votes for the same candidate as the board
  (that way the board vote can stay secret until both votes are announced)
- Variety should be encouraged - in membership, industry sectors, regions and especially in diversity
  - In particular we discussed the merits of multiple members from the same organisation vs. from organizations that
    are not currently represented
- The TOC has a significant responsibility to champion diversity & inclusion
  - Gender representation should not drive the selection, it should be on merit, but FINOS should look at
    how to make the pool of candidates more diverse in future
  - One suggestion: Ask all member firms to put candidates forward, emphasising diversity & inclusion
- The quality of the candidates for the current TOC member selection was commended
- Voting closes on Friday 27 October
  
### Backlog review
- [Draft: Assignment of TSC representatives to strategic initiatives](https://github.com/orgs/finos/projects/39?pane=issue&itemId=20709216)
  was moved from In Progress to Suggestions, as it hasn't had activity since March 2023.
- [finos/community#203] can be closed, after a comment
  - The FINOS project archive docs will be updated by **@maoo** to reference the issue and the TOC
- [finos/community#277] just requires a comment from **@brunodom** that TOC has approved the contribution to resolve
- [finos/community#215] still requires a volunteer, **@rikoe** to send an email to TOC mailing list asking for one
- [finos/community#185] is on the prioritised backlog, but has been closed - will be revisited at next meeting


### TOC Responsibilities
- To be reviewed at next meeting, including how to ensure equal division of labour, and all tasks are covered
- Despite the need for more equal distribution of responsibilities, while TOC membership is on a volunteer basis,
  it is only really possible for tasks to be picked up on a volunteer basis as well 
- TOC members asked to review responsibilities ahead of next meeting, with the view to assigning task more proactively to members
