## TSC Meeting - 18th Jan 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/51

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Cara Delia, @cdeliaRH, Red Hat
 - Olivier Poupeney, @opoupeney, Symphony
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 
FINOS Team
 - Gabriele Columbro
 - Jane Gavronsky
 - Juan Estrella
 - Maurizio Pillitu

## Minutes

### Review of FINOS corporate goals and strategic initiatives

 - Colin shared the FINOS corporate goals and strategic initiatives, based on the GB meeting earlier in the month
 - A discussion was held regarding how and where the TSC could support these goals going and initiatives
 - **Open Source Readiness**
   - This is regarded as 'table stakes' for FINOS as an organisation
   - 2023 has seen a significant reinvigoration of this group, with a clear roadmap
   - Both Elspeth and Cara are involved in this initiative already
   - There may be some light-touch TSC involvement needed
 - **FDC3**
   - FDC3 is exploring various new directions, FDC3 v2.1, FDC3 introducing a 'wire protocol', FDC3 v2 conformance, training etc ...
   - It is likely the TSC will be needed for our help in upcoming technical decisions and debates
 - **RegTech**
   - There is work still to be done on the CDM on-boarding
   - There is a desire to bring some regulators into this group
   - TSC input will likely be needed within this initiative
 - It was proposed that each initiative have a point-person from the TSC. Their role would be TSC representation; guiding technical decision making, and bringing in the TSC if and when it is needed. 
   - They would pair with the initiative manager, who is responsible for overall progress, from FINOS
   - There was broad support for this from people on the call
   - **ACTION** Colin to create a dedicated discussion thread on this point - [done](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/53)

### TSC formation

 - The board approved the formal formation of the TSC
 - We briefly discussed the make-up of this group (i.e. how many seats from members, how many elected)
 - There was general agreement that the TSC needs strengthening, attendance has dropped off
 - There was general agreement that TSC members need to be active participants, and that we should consider formalising this (i.e. mandate attendance of a certain percentage of meetings)
 - **ACTION** Colin to create a dedicated discussion thread on this point - [done](https://github.com/finos/technical-steering-committee/discussions/52)

### AOB

#### FINOS landscape

 - Olivier led a discussion on the FINOS landscape 
   - "One subject I'd like to add and discuss if time permits is how to help Finos and the GB to explain what can be done with the existing projects. Sort of map that shows where we stand in the different areas (Interop, Reg, Workflows, AI, Visualization, ...). It should help GB to identify where to allocate budget to strategic initiatives and prospects/customers to understand what Open Source brings. I think this is our role to build and maintain this map as a 2023 objective."
 - Gab outlined that he would like us to consider
   - the connections between business use-cases and project, 
   - the landscape should be the starting point, should also draw connections to sister-projects (e.g. TODOGroup), or other open standards
 - All agreed this was a good idea
 - **ACTION** Olivier to arrange a one-off TSC meeting on this topic

#### Emerging Tech SIG
  
  - We did not find time to discuss the [Emerging Tech SIG](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/226)
  - **ACTION** Cara to arrange a one-off meeting to discuss our role in approving this SIG


