## TSC Meeting - 5th July 2023

Meeting agenda: https://github.com/finos/technical-oversight-committee/issues/80

## Attendees

TSC members
 - Colin Eberhardt, @ColinEberhardt, Scott Logic (chair)
 - Elspeth Minty, @eminty69, RBC
 - Jon Freedman, @jonfreedman, Brevan Howard 
 - Stephen Goldbaum, @stephengoldbaumyes, MS

FINOS Team
 - Maurizio Pillitu
 - Gabriele Columbro

## Minutes

### Accessibility Theme Builder Contributin

 - A [contribution has been proposed](https://github.com/finos/community/issues/273). Bruno Domingues has picked this up on behalf of the TOC, indicating that he feels we should approve
 - We briefly discussed whether we to vote, or have quorum in meetings to make these decisions
 - We concluded that we don't wish to add additional obstacles. For contribution approvals, the individual who has made an assessment on behalf of the TOC will circulate to the group - giving 2 weeks for anyone to make an objection. If none are raised, the assessment (accept ro reject) will be considered our consensus opinion and shared.
 - *ACTION* update the TOC documentation to detail this process

## TSC => TOC transition

 - Mao and Colin shared an update on the transition
 - Peter, Veronica and Martin have very kindly relinquished their seats, this results in 2 open positions which Mao will look to fill using our agreed voting process
